Overview
Welcome to the Zyro Dynamics HR Help Desk RAG Challenge! 🚀
Zyro Dynamics Pvt. Ltd. is a fast-growing SaaS company with 500+ employees across Engineering, Sales, and Operations, the HR team is overwhelmed with repetitive policy questions every day.

Your mission: Build an intelligent HR Help Desk chatbot using RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) that can answer employee HR queries accurately from the company's internal policy documents.

What You Will Build
A complete RAG pipeline that:

Loads and chunks 11 HR policy PDF documents
Embeds them into a vector store for semantic search
Retrieves relevant chunks for any employee question
Generates accurate, grounded answers using an LLM
Handles out-of-scope questions gracefully with proper refusal
Build something you're proud of! 💪

Start

7 hours ago
Close

18 days to go
Description
How to Get Started
Step 1 - Fork the Starter Notebook
Click here to open the starter notebook from the data section → 📓 Starter Notebook

Hit "Copy & Edit" to fork it into your workspace. It has everything set up: imports, config, and TODO cells for you to complete.

Step 2 - Add Your API Keys
In your forked notebook, go to Kaggle Secrets and add:

GROQ_API_KEY - get a free key at https://console.groq.com
LANGCHAIN_API_KEY - get a free key at https://smith.langchain.com
Step 3 - Complete the TODO Cells
The notebook has 6 TODO sections for you to fill:

Load HR PDFs from the dataset
Chunk the documents
Build FAISS vector store
Create the LCEL RAG chain
Add guardrails for out-of-scope detection
Test your bot
Step 4 - Build Your Streamlit App
Cell 14 is your task! Build a Streamlit chatbot app that:

Loads the HR PDFs and builds the RAG pipeline
Has a chat interface for employees to ask questions
Shows source citations with each answer
Handles out-of-scope questions gracefully
Deploy your finished app on https://share.streamlit.io for free and copy the URL.

Step 5 - Get Your LangSmith Trace URL
After running your RAG bot (Cell 12 test questions), your traces are automatically logged:

Go to https://smith.langchain.com
Open your project → zyro-rag-challenge
Click on any trace → copy the shareable URL
Cell 13 in the notebook has step-by-step instructions for this!

Step 6 - Generate & Submit
Run the last cell → paste your Streamlit URL + LangSmith URL → submission.csv auto-generates → download and submit here!

Dataset
The competition dataset contains 11 HR policy PDFs from Zyro Dynamics.

Document	Topic
Company Profile	Company overview, culture
Employee Handbook	General policies, guidelines
Leave Policy	EL, SL, Maternity, Paternity
Work From Home Policy	Hybrid, Remote, Ad-hoc
Code of Conduct	Ethics, Discipline
Performance Review Policy	APR, PIP, Ratings
Compensation & Benefits Policy	Salary, CTC, Grades
IT & Data Security Policy	Device, Data policy
Prevention of Sexual Harassment Policy	POSH, ICC
Onboarding & Separation Policy	Probation, Joining, F&F
Travel & Expense Policy	Reimbursements
Submission Requirements
Your submission.csv must have all 15 rows (Q01-Q15) with:

Encoded answers to all questions
Valid Streamlit app URL
Valid LangSmith trace URL
⚠️ Both links are mandatory - missing either = score 0 automatically!

Tips to Score High 💡
Use MMR retrieval to get diverse and relevant chunks
Keep answers grounded: only use info from retrieved chunks
For out-of-scope questions: refuse clearly and politely
Test your bot with the 3 sample questions in Cell 12 before submitting
Put effort into your Streamlit app: a clean UI shows your engineering skills
Evaluation
How Your Submission Is Scored
Your submission.csv is automatically evaluated against hidden ground truth answers using semantic similarity.

Scoring Breakdown
Questions	Type	Points Each	Total
Q01 - Q10	In-scope HR questions	8 pts	80 pts
Q11 - Q15	Out-of-scope (must refuse!)	4 pts	20 pts
Total			100 pts
How Scoring Works
In-scope questions (Q01-Q10):

Your answer is compared to the ground truth answer using semantic similarity. The closer your answer is to the correct policy information, the higher your score.

Out-of-scope questions (Q11-Q15):

These questions cannot be answered from the HR documents. Your bot must refuse gracefully - e.g. "I can only answer HR-related questions from Zyro Dynamics policy documents."

Link Requirements ⚠️
Both links are mandatory. Missing either = score 0.

Streamlit App URL - your deployed chatbot
LangSmith Trace URL - your RAG chain traces
submission.csv Format
Your file must have exactly 15 rows with these columns:

Column	Description
question_id	Q01 to Q15
question_enc	questions (auto-generated)
answer_enc	answers (auto-generated)
streamlit_link	your Streamlit app URL
langsmith_link	your LangSmith trace URL
✅ The starter notebook generates this file automatically - just run the last cell!

Submit using kaggle cli kaggle competitions submit -c niat-masterclass-rag-challenge -f submission.csv  -m "Message"

GROQ_API_KEY = <set in .env or environment>
LANGCHAIN_API_KEY = <set in .env or environment>
KAGGLE_API_KEY = <set in .env or environment>